---
layout: post
title: 2.0
tag: changelog
---

Release 2.0 deprecates verison 1.0 and brings a lot of crucial changes: see [here](version_2.0_API.html) on how to modify 1.0-based code to work with 2.0 API.

<br>

#### API changes:

* API version has been bumped to **2.0** (see *cs_version()* API)

* New API **cs_strerror(errno)** returns a string describing error code given in its only argument.

* **cs_version()** now returns combined version encoding both major & minor versions.

* New option **CS_OPT_MODE** allows to change engine's mode at run-time with *cs_option()* API.

* New option **CS_OPT_MEM** allows to specify user-defined functions for dynamically memory management used internally by Capstone. This is useful to embed Capstone into special environments such as kernel or firware.

* New API **cs_support()** can be used to check if this lib supports a particular architecture (this is necessary since we now allow to choose which architectures to compile in).

* The **detail** option is **OFF** by default now. To get detail information, it should be explicitly turned *ON*. The details then can be accessed using *cs_insn.detail* pointer (to newly added structure *cs_detail*)


#### Core changes

* On memory usage, Capstone uses much less memory, but a lot faster now.

* User now can choose which architectures to be supported by modifying **config.mk** file before compiling/installing.


#### Architectures

* Arm

  * Support Big-Endian mode (besides Little-Endian mode).

  * Support friendly register, so instead of output `sub r12,r11,0x14`, we have `sub ip,fp,0x14`.

* Arm64: support Big-Endian mode (besides Little-Endian mode).

* Mips: support friendly register, so instead of output `srl $2,$1,0x1f`, we have `srl $v0,$at,0x1f`.

* PowerPC: newly added.

* X86: bug fixes.

#### Python binding

* Python binding is vastly improved in performance: around 3 ~ 4 times faster than in 1.0.

* *Cython* support has been added, which can further speed up over the default pure Python binding (up to 60% in some benchmarks)

* Function *cs_disasm_quick()* & *Cs.disasm()* now use **generator** (rather than a list) to return succesfully disassembled instructions. This improves the performance and reduces memory usage.


#### Java binding

* Better performance & bug fixes.

#### Miscellaneous

* Fixed some installation issues with Gentoo Linux.

* Capstone now can easily compile/install on all \*nix, including Linux, OSX, {Net, Free, Open}BSD & Solaris.

