---
layout: post
title: 2.1
tag: changelog
---

Release 2.1 brings a lot of important changes: see [here](version_2.1_API.html) on how to modify 2.0-based code to work with 2.1 API.

<br>

#### API changes:

- API version has been bumped to 2.1.

- Change prototype of **cs_close()** to be able to invalidate closed handle.
  See [http://capstone-engine.org/version_2.1_API.html](http://capstone-engine.org/version_2.1_API.html) for more information.

- Extend **cs_support()** to handle more query types, not only about supported
  architectures. This change is backward compatible, however, so existent code
  do not need to be modified to support this.

- New query type **CS_SUPPORT_DIET** for *cs_support()* to ask about *diet* status of
  the engine.

- New error code **CS_ERR_DIET** to report errors about newly added *diet* mode.

- New error code **CS_ERR_VERSION** to report issue of incompatible versions between
  bindings & core engine.


<br>

#### Core changes

- On memory usage, Capstone uses about 40% less memory, while still faster
  than version 2.0.

- All architectures are much smaller: binaries size reduce at least 30%.
  Especially, X86-only binary reduces from 1.9MB to just 720KB.

- Support **diet** mode, in which engine size is further reduced (by around 40%)
  for embedding purpose. The price to pay is that we have to sacrifice some
  non-critical data fields. See [http://capstone-engine.org/diet.html](http://capstone-engine.org/diet.html) for more
  details.


<br>

#### Architectures

- Update all 5 architectures to fix bugs.

- PowerPC:

  - New instructions: *FMR* & *MSYNC*.

- Mips:

  - New instruction: *DLSA*

- X86:

  - Properly handle *AVX-512* instructions.

  - New instructions: *PSETPM*, *SALC*, *INT1*, *GETSEC*.

  - Fix some memory leaking issues in case of prefixed instructions such as *LOCK*, *REP*, *REPNE*.


<br>

#### Python binding

- Verify the core version at initialization time. Refuse to run if its version
  is different from the core's version.

- New API **disasm_lite()** added to Cs class. This light API only returns tuples of
  (address, size, mnemonic, op_str), rather than list of *CsInsn* objects. This
  improves performance by around 30% in some benchmarks.

- New API **version_bind()** returns binding's version, which might
  differ from the core's API version if binding is out-of-date.

- New API **debug()** returns information on Cython support, diet status, archs
  compiled in & versions of core & binding.

- Fixed some memory leaking bugs for *Cython* binding.

- Fix a bug crashing Cython code when accessing *@regs_read/regs_write/groups*.

- Support *diet* mode.

<br>

#### Java binding

- Fix some memory leaking bugs.

- New API **version()** returns combined API version.

- Support *diet* mode.

- Better support for detail option.


<br>

#### Miscellaneous

- *make.sh* now can uninstall the core engine. This is done with:

{% highlight bash %}
  $ sudo ./make.sh uninstall
{% endhighlight %}
