---
layout: post
title: Donation
tag: news
---

Are you already using Capstone engine? Yes, if you are using any products in our [showcase](showcase.html).

Please consider donating to help us improve Capstone!

You can either donate via *Paypal* or send us *Bitcoins*.

- Paypal email: <font color="blue">capstone.engine@gmail.com</font>

- Bitcoin: <font color="#E65C00">1fGz2GYSjiJxUoACpsHXcGmaAhbEDTuWi</font> ([link](bitcoin:1fGz2GYSjiJxUoACpsHXcGmaAhbEDTuWi?message=donation))


Please [let us know](contact.html) if you want to be listed as *Capstone supporter* after donating.

#### Why?

Capstone is totally free & developed in our spare time. So far we have never received a single cent from donation or sponsor.

However, we are realizing that to keep up with the increasing demand of community & push Capstone to another level, we need more helps from community.

For this reason, we are now receiving *donation for Capstone*.


#### What for?

The donation will be used to promote & improve Capstone. Some priorities are:

- Get a *professional designer* to make a *better logo* that Capstone deserves to have.

- Have the current website redesigned to be more friendly & efficient.

- Give *rewards* to those who are willing to work on our outstanding works (such as [this](op_access.html)),
so we can release the next versions faster.

- Add more features requested by a lot of users, such as supporting new architectures like *Hexagon*.


#### What to get back?

The donators will:

- Get listed in our website as *Capstone supporter* - if you do not want to remain anonymous.

- For a certain amount of donation (to be decided), we can send you T-shirts/stickers/mugs with *Capstone logo* to show our appreciation.

- For a certain amount of donation (TBD), we can help to integrate & customize Capstone for your products.

Thanks for your generous supports! Please [contact us](contact.html) for any questions.
