---
layout: post
title: Version 3.0.1
tag: news
---

We are excited to announce the stable version *3.0.1* of Capstone disassembly framework!

The source code is available in [zip](https://github.com/aquynh/capstone/archive/3.0.1.zip) and [tar.gz](https://github.com/aquynh/capstone/archive/3.0.1.tar.gz) formats, or at tagname [3.0.1](https://github.com/aquynh/capstone/releases/tag/3.0.1) in our Github repo.

Find pre-compiled binaries in the [Download section](http://capstone-engine.org/download.html).

Please test and feed back via our [contact](contact.html).

*NOTE*:

- This version fixes some important issues in the Python binding, so Python users should upgrade their binding.
  See *bindings/python/README.TXT* in source code on to do fresh-reinstall.

- Since this version, our Python package [capstone](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/capstone) on *PyPi* can build & install the *core* at the time of installing Python module,
  so the external dependency on the core is eliminated.
  
  Another new package [capstone-windows](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/capstone-windows) is available for *Windows* users who do not want to compile from source, as this package includes *prebuilt* libraries (for both *Win32* & *Win64* editions) inside.
  
  See [bindings/python/README.TXT](https://github.com/aquynh/capstone/blob/master/bindings/python/README.TXT) for more information on these PyPi modules.


Summary of the important changes of this version.

- **X86**
  - Properly handle *LOCK*, *REP*, *REPE* & *REPNE* prefixes.
  - Handle undocumented immediates for *SSE*'s *(V)CMPPS/PD/SS/SD* instructions.
  - Print *LJUMP/LCALL* without * as prefix for Intel syntax.
  - Handle *REX* prefix properly for *segment/MMX* related instructions (*x86_64*).
  - Instruction with length > 15 is consider invalid.
  - Handle some tricky encodings for instructions *MOVSXD*, *FXCH*, *FCOM*, *FCOMP*,
    *FSTP*, *FSTPNCE*, *NOP*.
  - Handle some tricky code for some *x86_64* instructions with *REX* prefix.
  - Add missing operands in detail mode for *PUSH*, *POP*, *IN/OUT* reg, reg
  - *MOV32ms* & *MOV32sm* reference *word* rather than *dword*.


- **Arm64**
  - *BL* & *BLR* instructions do not read *SP* register.
  - Print absolute (rather than relative) address for instructions *B*, *BL*,
  *CBNZ*, *ADR*.


- **Arm**
  - Instructions *ADC* & *SBC* do not update flags.
  - *BL* & *BLX* do not read *SP*, but *PC* register.
  - Alias *LDR* instruction with operands [*sp*], *4* to *POP*.
  - Print immediate operand of *MVN* instruction in positive hexadecimal form.


- **PowerPC**
  - Fix some compilation bugs when *DIET* mode is enable.
  - Populate *SLWI/SRWI* instruction details with *SH* operand.


- **Python binding**
  - Fix a *Cython* bug when *CsInsn.bytes* returns a shorten array of bytes.
  - Fixed a memory leak for *Cython* disasm functions when we immaturely quit
    the enumeration of disassembled instructions.
  - Fix a NULL memory access issue when *SKIPDATA* & *Detail* modes are enable
    at the same time.
  - Fix a memory leaking bug when when we stop enumeration over the disassembled
    instructions prematurely.
  - Export generic operand types & groups (*CS_OP_xxx* & *CS_GRP_xxx*).

